README.md, before:

# ROS C++ Style Guide Github Action

Github Action applying the ROS Style Guide to C++ code. 

Recommended to invoke upon pull request, this will apply the code format that matches the 
[ROS C++ Style Guide](http://wiki.ros.org/CppStyleGuide) using 
[clang-format-3.8](https://releases.llvm.org/3.8.0/tools/clang/docs/ClangFormatStyleOptions.html) 
with the configuration from [davetcoleman/roscpp_code_format](https://github.com/davetcoleman/roscpp_code_format).


## Usage

```
name: Code Formatter
on:
  pull_request:
jobs:
  clang-format:
      runs-on: ubuntu-latest
      steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v2
      - uses: AutoModality/action-ros-clang-format@v1
        env:
          GITHUB_TOKEN: ${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}
```

### Optional

From action.yml

```
inputs:
  author-name:
    description: 'The name that will appear in commits when changes needs to be committed'
    required: false
    default: Format Bot
  author-email:
    description: 'The email address that will appear in commits when changes needs to be committed'
    required: false
    default: formatter@github.bot
  commit-message:
    description: 'The commit message used when changes needs to be committed'
    required: false
    default: 'style: Applied ROS C++ Style Guide'
```

Commit message:

final readme before going to market master

README.md, after:

# ROS C++ Style Guide Github Action

Github Action applying the ROS Style Guide to C++ code. 

This Action will format the code to match the 
[ROS C++ Style Guide](http://wiki.ros.org/CppStyleGuide) using 
[clang-format-3.8](https://releases.llvm.org/3.8.0/tools/clang/docs/ClangFormatStyleOptions.html) 
with the configuration from [davetcoleman/roscpp_code_format](https://github.com/davetcoleman/roscpp_code_format).

It is recommended to add this to `formatter.yml` that runs on `pull_request` 
so it only formats when the code is stablizing and ready to merge into master.

## Usage

```
name: Code Formatter
on:
  pull_request:
jobs:
  clang-format:
      runs-on: ubuntu-latest
      steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v2
      - uses: AutoModality/action-ros-clang-format@v1
        env:
          GITHUB_TOKEN: ${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}
```

### Optional

From action.yml

```
inputs:
  author-name:
    description: 'The name that will appear in commits when changes needs to be committed'
    required: false
    default: Format Bot
  author-email:
    description: 'The email address that will appear in commits when changes needs to be committed'
    required: false
    default: formatter@github.bot
  commit-message:
    description: 'The commit message used when changes needs to be committed'
    required: false
    default: 'style: Applied ROS C++ Style Guide'
```

### Override Format

Simply check in your `.clang-format` file in the root of your project and it will overwrite
the default style provided. (Not yet verified)
